## Introduction

My name is John Woolbright and I am currently a Technical Content Developer for LaunchCode. As a developer on the education team I have decided to begin a data analysis project that falls in line with our curriculum for the newly refactored Data Analysis book! This will not only make me more familiar with the content that we teach and content that I have contributed to but I will certainly have some fun along the way. The textbook referenced above can be located here: [Data Analysis Curriculum](https://education.launchcode.org/data-analysis-curriculum/). This specific assignment link: [The Final Project](https://education.launchcode.org/data-analysis-curriculum/assignments/assignment4/index.html) Enough about my career journey and a bit more about who I am as a person.

I have been a lifelong fan of the game of basketball which is a main driver in my decision for the dataset that I will use in my project. I played the game of basketball since kidergarten and still play to this day some 30 years later. Lately, I have had more interest in college basketball compared to my historical favoritism of the NBA. My wife, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, and mutliple friends each fill out a bracket every year simply for bragging rights. We have a group on ESPN called "for all the bragging rights f". The f does not stand for anything just a typo/mistake that has remained to this day. So each and every year we look forward to talking about who we will have winning our brackets, who has won in previous years, and who will make claim to all the bragging rights f.

## Goals and Hopeful Outcomes

My hope for this analysis project is to take what I believe to be important for a team to not only be competitive in the NCAA tournament but also win the title. I will compare my thoughts and assumptions versus the actual outcomes from historical data available to me in the [dataset that I grabbed from Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/andrewsundberg/college-basketball-dataset) to make an informed decision moving forward in years to come.
